Harmonize javascript 6 (#85)
kuzzleio/documentation-V2: src/sdk-reference/js/6/essentials/events/index.md

An event system allows to be notified when the SDK status changes. These events are issued by the [Kuzzle SDK object]({{site_base_path }}sdk-reference/js/6/kuzzle).

> Subscription to these events is possible by specifying callbacks that will be executed when a specific event is issued by the SDK instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subscription to these events is possible by registering callbacks that will be called when a specific event is issued by the SDK instance.
```
